I have taken this example from page 171
so let me write page 171 question number
2 okay so yeah this is a ramp and this
is a concrete ramp so this is concrete
looks like wooden ramp so what's the
information that we have this length is
given to be 1.2 meters and this is very
vital information the slope of the ramp
is 1 into 12 one in 12 what does that
mean
this means slope of ramp is 1 in 12
means that for every for every 12 meters
Lindt it has to for every 12 meters of
length the lamp the ramps or not the
lamp the ramp Rises by 1 meter the ramp
rises by 1 meter so that's what this
ratio is slope of the ramp is 1 in 12
that means the height is 1 meter for
every 12 meters so if if the height is 1
meter for every 12 meters here if the
height is 0.5 meter how much would be
the length the length would be 0.5 times
12 you can use a calculator so this will
be 0.5 times 12 or that is basically 1/2
times 12 which is 6 meters so yeah you
want to find the volume of this concrete
well you can look at look at this as a
this shape is a prism you can cut if you
see this is the base if you consider
this rectangular as the base the
cross-section would be equal so this is
one thing that you need to understand
this is a prism this is a prism
from this if you consider this as the
base and you're going to have equal
cross-section and if the base the
cross-section of the base is equal then
it's called a prism now volume of a
prism you should know the formula volume
off you can see here it's a ramp would
be the base area base area times height
times height
so yeah this 12 meters is your height
and this is your area that you'd need to
find now this is a triangle so area of a
triangle is 1/2 base times height or
base times height divided by 2 so this
is your base these are 6 meters and
height is 0.5 meters so I'd like to
write the formula like this base times
height which is 6 meters times 0.5
meters divided by 2 this is the area of
the triangle and then you times it by
the height which is 1.2 meters so you
can do this 2 goes into 6 3 times so
this is basically 3 meters times 0.5
meters times 1.2 meters so use your
calculator and you will find that will
be 1.2 meter cube because you got meter
times meter times meter so the volume of
this concrete or the concrete used in
this slab or this ramp is 1 point 8
meter cube